Shoot him, Bunny!
[shouts]
Sorry, bud. I just
wasn't fast enough.
What are you saying?
Why would your powers run out?
You still had plenty of time!
To be honest, my power can
barely last four lousy minutes.
Huh?
See, it's been
getting weaker.
Don't you think I
should've known?
Why did you keep it
a secret from me?
Listen, I... I don't
think I'm gonna make it.
Stop talking,
just lay still.
But, Bunny...
I said, stop it!
Chasing after the bad guys with you
and listening to your lame lectures...
I loved every
minute of it.
The truth is, when you finally
started calling me "Kotetsu,"
you made me so happy I went out
on an all-night bender to celebrate.
This isn't the end!
Stop talking like that!
Thanks for everything, buddy.
Shut up, Kotetsu!
You're not dying, you hear me?
[gasp] Kotetsu?
Kotetsu!
Kotetsu...
Why is his signal gone?
Why?!
If Tiger's signal's gone,
it means he's gone.
[Blue Rose]
What happened?
He was in trouble.
His powers had been declining lately.
What?
When it came down to it,
he told me to fire...
knowing he
wouldn't make it.
What are you
saying?!
Daddy!
Kotetsu...
Wake up, Dad! Please,
you have to wake up! Please, Daddy!
[sobbing]
[Maverick] Well done, Barnaby!
You managed to defeat H-01.
I am very proud to
see this, my boy.
You think you'll
get away with this?
You took away my parents,
then Samantha,
and now, Kotetsu!
We're gonna put a
stop to you right now!
Don't be so sure of that.
You planning to mess with
our memories again?!
[Rock Bison]
Don't even think about it, you Jackass!
I won't need to go through
all that trouble.
[snaps fingers]
[Rotwang]
Androids can be marvelous weapons!
And unlike you heroes,
they can be mass-produced.
Don't presume victory because
you were able to defeat one of them!
Oh, no!
Why, you!
Don't do it!
[grunts]
Fire Emblem!
Look out!
[grunts]
[gasps]
You might as well give up.
You won't be able to win!
Maverick!
Oh, the credit for this
belongs to your parents.
The lethal power demonstrated
by these androids
is based entirely on their research.
The truth is, they're the ones
responsible for all of this.
You're wrong!
The research my parents did was
always meant to save people,
Not to create
killing machines!
-[gun blasts]
-Auggh!
There's just one
thing left to say.
Farewell, heroes.
It's been a pleasure
knowing you!
Time to finish
off these freaks!
Damn it all!
Kotetsu...
Kill them!
[powering down]
Huh?
They all stopped!
But why?
[pings]
Ah!
What?!
They've gone into
safety mode.
Wait!
So, what are you
going to do, sir?
I'm going to reboot the
main system controls.
Oh no, you're not!
Don't let me fall!
Help me, please!
Let go of me.
But Mr. Maverick!
That's suicide!
Now that your androids have been
completed, I have no further use for you.
But I thought the plan was for us to
exterminate those creepy NEXT together!
The trouble is, I'm also a NEXT.
Huh?
[screaming]
That guy's a monster.
[Dragon Kid]
You're not getting away.
[Sky High]
Accept your defeat and surrender!
[Maverick]
You're wasting your time.
Even if you were to arrest me,
it wouldn't do you any good.
And why is that?
Because I have the full respect and trust
of powerful figures in this city.
You can go to them and make
all the accusations you want,
but no-one will dare to question me.
[Blue Rose]
Are you crazy? You killed Wild Tiger.
Actually, no. Barnaby is
responsible for his death!
Don't forget...
I can control people's memories,
they'll believe what I want them to.
[laughs]
Ngh!
[Agnes] Hello, heroes!
We recorded everything you
just said, Mr. Maverick!
I didn't know you were
so thoroughly corrupt!
But... Your memory!
Sorry about that. Did I forget
to tell you? Well, surprise!
Unfortunately for you,
I actually did see that white burst.
The truth is I was
really worried.
I wasn't sure what you'd do to me
if you found out I got my memory back.
I have to say, the toughest part
of the whole process
was trying to restore communications
without you finding out.
Damn you!
I can see you're upset.
But truthfully, I have to thank you...
The ratings for this particular show
have gone right through the roof!
[gasps]
Oh, yes, Mr. Maverick.
The fact is, almost everyone
in Stern Bild is seeing this right now.
[giggles] Our ratings are going to be
absolutely astronomical!
I wish you could see
the look on your face!
We've got the whole
thing on close-up!
It's time to surrender!
This guy has no idea
when to quit!
There's no place for you to hide,
Maverick! You might as well give up!
[Maverick]
Don't be so sure about that!
[chuckles]
Watch it. Any sudden moves on your part,
and this girl is dead!
Kaede...
Right on time.
I'll be taking your
helicopter, Agnes.
[gasps]
Oh my god!
I've come back from
the depths of hell!
Uhh.. Heh.
Guess that line was a
little over the top, huh?
I was debating between
that one and this one...
Don't you worry,
Tiger's back!
Kotetsu? You're okay!
What?
I thought you were dead!
I saw you stop breathing!
Come on man,
give me some credit.
I couldn't stand it,
and passed out from all the pain.
Did you even
check my pulse?
Hey! What's
with you?
Oh, Dad...
Dad...
Tiger! Thank goodness!
I can't believe it!
Uh, what's going on?
Come on, are you nuts?
It's not nice to
make girls cry. [sobs]
Welcome back.
Welcome back, again!
Huuut!
What are you doing?!
Stop!
Mr. Maverick...
That's pretty lame of you.
How could you? I devoted my life
to avenging my parents' murder.
At times, it became my
only reason for living!
You have to pay for that!
And all the other crimes you've committed!
Crimes? Really, what crimes
have I actually committed?
What.
Thanks to all my efforts,
the public has come to accept heroes.
And because of that,
you're able to live your lives freely.
That doesn't give
you a free pass!
[Maverick]
Before Hero TV came along,
you weren't seen as the symbols
of justice you are today.
The public needed a sense of hope.
And watching you capture low-level
criminals provided that.
I gave the people exactly
what they needed!
Yeah, so you and your cronies
could run this place!
[Maverick] And what's so bad about that?
Someone has to be in charge!
Stern Bild used to
be a run-down dump.
The sense of security that the Heroes
provided has turned things around,
and made this city
what it is today!
Without me, this place
would not have progressed.
I did what needed
to be done!
You should be thanking me,
not arresting me!
Nice try, Maverick,
but you're finished here!
And your Ouroboros.
Ouroboros will go on.
What? But aren't you
the boss of Ouroboros?
You understand so little...
Guess I have no choice.
Hey! What are you
talking about?
[Barnaby] What do you mean?!
[groans]
Sorry, Kaede.
That was scary, wasn't it?
It's okay, Dad,
you were awesome!
[Ben]
Wow, I can't believe it!
Heh heh, Kotetsu,
you're alive!
But then, why did
we lose his signal?
We lost his signal because
his suit got destroyed.
Oh, who cares?
I'm just glad you're alive, buddy.
Agh, stop it, will ya? That hurts!
Here...
What is this?
Any idea on the meaning
behind these numbers?
Your parents used it as the password
to activate the safety mode.
No.
I see. If it helps at all,
you need to know your parents
protected you today.
Be grateful to them.
I always am in my heart.
But was I really able
to avenge them?
What?
I still don't know the
truth behind all this.
Hey! We captured the bad guy,
so let's call it a win!
Also, this made you
guys even more popular!
You're gonna have to start
working a lot harder now!
Okay! I know we will be successful,
as long as we stick together!
-I agree!
-Mm-hmm!
Take care of things,
for my sake.
[all] What?
I'll be with you all in spirit.
What are you
talking about?
I'm giving up the
hero business.
[gasps of confusion]
I just don't know just how
long my powers will last.
Besides, my biggest
dream came true.
My daughter thinks
I'm awesome!
Then I'm retiring, too.
Huh?
There's no point in being a hero
without my partner, Kotetsu.
Hold it!
Wait a second!
This was all part of Maverick's plan.
He set the whole thing up
so I'd become a Hero.
From now on, I just want to live life,
making my own choices.
[screeching stop]
-What the hell...?!
-What's going on?
[gunshots]
We're under attack!
[machine guns firing]
[bodies dropping]
Listen to me,
Albert Maverick!
No one can escape
from their sins!
Hear the voice of Thanatos!
ONE YEAR LATER
John!
Slow down, buddy!
This feels weird.
I'm thinking of incorporating
this into my routine.
Grah! Hey, cut that out!
What's the matter, your booty
can't take the heat? [chuckles]
Look at this, Karina!
Huh?
Blue Rose just
released a new single!
Uh...
I just bought it myself!
I hear she writes the music
and lyrics all on her own.
You can borrow
it sometime.
Thanks. That'd be great.
[phone buzzing]
Sorry. I gotta get going!
John, we're supposed
to be going home.
Thanks for the dress, mom!
Thanks! I'll visit soon!
Duty calls!
Well, wait for me!
Hello there, all you heroes.
The criminal you're after
is in the Medaille Area.
Let's capture both
him and some ratings!
[announcer] Good evening,
and welcome to Hero TV!
Our six Heroes are in pursuit of
a dangerous criminal, even as we speak!
Sorry I haven't
come to visit you.
I've been trying to
sort some things out.
But, it's the anniversary of your death.
I miss you both,
Mom and Dad...
I wish I could have spent
more time with you.
[gasps]
[Saito] Any idea on the meaning
behind these numbers?
What's the matter, mom?
You can count on your dad and me
to protect you forever and ever.
And in return, we ask that you strive
to be kind and protect others.
Mom... Dad...
[sobbing]
The brakes aren't working!
Yaaah!
It's all over, boys!
My ice is a little cold, but your crime
has been completely put on hold!
[announcer]
Another quick arrest made by Blue Rose!
Magnificent!
-How did she do that?!
-She beat us here.
Damn it!
She's first again?
Stop right there!
Huh?
[announcer]
What's happening now?
The Second League Heroes
are after someone!
You won't escape!
Look, it's Wild Tiger!
Come back here!
At one point, Tiger retired from
the hero business,
due to his declining powers.
But now, calling himself
'Wild Tiger One-Minute',
he has enthusiastically
returned to active duty!
He's not kidding around, either.
We're told his power lasts for
just one minute!
And he's not afraid to hide it!
I gotta tell you, he is the man!
Grandma, did you see?
Dad's on TV,
and he looks good!
Really? Is he keeping up?
[announcer] Well that's it for us!
Tune in next time!
Aw, The show's over!
Why don't they give the Second
League Heroes some air-time?
It's not fair!
'Wild Tiger One-Minute'.
What a name.
Who thinks this stuff up?
[door opens]
Ah!
Thanks for coming in.
Can you sign off on this?
Thank you kindly.
[chuckles]
Ah, looks like you're
already needed, sir.
Huh?
Saito, old buddy!
Try to talk a little louder, will ya?!
[whispering]
Alright pal,
turn yourself in.
I happen to know you
already exhausted your powers,
so you can't stop me!
[laughs]
Don't be a smart-ass!
I can take you down,
powers or no powers--
[gasps, screams]
Bunny?
Honestly. You haven't
changed a bit, have you?
What brings you here?
I thought you retired.
Really? I should ask
you the same thing.
Oh, yeah.
Well Kaede said I was uncool
for being a couch potato all day long.
And you know what I realized?
You don't always get to set your own
limits with the choices you make.
So that's that.
Even if I lose
all my powers,
I'm still gonna
keep on trying.
And even if I look
ridiculous,
I'm gonna remain a
Hero 'til the very end.
I'll never give up.
When you think about it, it doesn't hurt
to have a Hero who's uncool, right?
Now I've heard everything.
If you're gonna make a comeback,
then I suppose I'll have to, as well.
And why's that?
What do you mean?
Because I'm your partner, that's why.
Huh?
And I have to advise you. You'll probably
have to pay for these damages.
Hey, wait a minute!
I'm not the one who suddenly appeared
and smashed this hood!
So you should pay to
have this car repaired!
How could you possibly
figure that?
Easy! Whose feet actually landed
on the hood and caved it in?
You're unbelievable!
[growling]
Okay. It's time to
go now, old man.
I read you... L'il bunny.
I think it's time...
to let out a Wild Roar!